want to buy fifa things without having
Then it's only you and my
money
the link is below in the description under
spent I 've seen in my life working
I'm there in front of the computer.
working from an early age, including having a
working meeting at 7:00 a.m.
hours should already you should be
in this video or not I do not know at last I
I am seen in my life and I could take a dvd
Look at the channel, right?
how ta k not going as she or I or
looking like that while also in the
channel video account so catching up
video that went well the staff liked and
said that it was also legal where the
People say that the video is Dad
So I'll go step to see that.
TV channel this month your channel could
hit a million views this month
the 1 million views of this hand cement
It's absurd and that's all thanks to
You and I have never gotten to that point in the
channel has not reached this level is very
has commented that this was thanks to the
channel content that has improved dramatically
in recent months
I'm glad you liked the
are showing that they are watching
only this one will not only be for
to thank and to be able to stay
Talking fuck, just happy command.
the damn 4 to celebrate this brand in the
channel and that's why you made this video
that I'm going to make a 200 thousand draw
with this new fifa 15 independent of
platform you are young
At first on twitter I had spoken
that the winner would choose the platform
civic on pc xbox 360 and playstation
but then I was thinking about doing it
rather than choosing one
winner and if I win I will choose
platform that make them up
I think you deserve that I choose
three winners and each one can be
from a different platform
so I 'll choose the winner to win
bosco independent play station winner
of search 34 and I will choose the winner
for xbox also different and xbox 36010
for only then will we have a ready
Councilman just like I said on twitter
We're going to have three winners three
people one on pc one xbox and playstation
will win 200,000 with this new ranking
directly from me out there you need
to participate is very important.
I believe they are going to have a link from a
tweet that I have now made popular in that
twitter you will give an rt and a bale
in that tweed and you're ready
participating
new course needless to say you
will have to follow me on twitter
because the councilors I will go into
contact dm to explain how
is it going to be this edict the winner I
I'm going to choose on Saturday, I'm going to go in
contact via dm not to mention who is first
get in touch with gm and this person
It will take a day to get into
contact me back and also
show me she has her
To speak so that you can receive the conditions
if this person did not contact you
with me or if a person who participated
just to want to win and she does not even play
15 I'm going to choose another person to
be able to be the winner of that platform
so this video here is basically for
I want to thank you so much for
this was the channel it's growing
enough is the feedback from the third exam
all videos
I'm very happy for it so
I hope you like this surprise.
also and participate as I told you
here in the rtp description the favorite and
obviously follow me on twitter for
Contact you
vdm in case you are the winner and ready
is participating then that there pro
second surprise but thanks to all
world for the support of feedback and today I come back
usually tomorrow I say
job interview but tomorrow this
video usually out there going this way going there
A hug until the next video I went